Update profiler features status for .NET 10 (#32001)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

| CPU profiling              | 2.15.0+                            | All supported runtime versions.                                                          |
| GC CPU consumption         | 3.19.0+                            | .NET 5+                                                          |
| Exceptions profiling       | 2.31.0+                            | All supported runtime versions.                                                          |

> | Allocations profiling      | 3.12.0+ / 3.28.0+                  | .NET Framework (requires Datadog Agent 7.51+ and 3.12.0+) / .NET 6+ (requires 2.18.0+ but .NET10 recommended with 3.28+)   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Allocations profiling      | 3.12.0+ / 3.28.0+                  | .NET Framework (requires Datadog Agent 7.51+ and 3.12.0+) / .NET 6+ (requires 2.18.0+ but Datadog recommends .NET10 with 3.28+).   |
```

| Lock Contention profiling  | 2.49.0+                            | .NET Framework (requires Datadog Agent 7.51+) and .NET 5+                                |

> | Live heap profiling        | 3.28.0+                            | .NET 7+ but .NET 10+ recommended                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Live heap profiling        | 3.28.0+                            | .NET 7+ but Datadog recommends .NET 10+.                                                                                  |
```

| [Trace to Profiling integration][12]         | 2.30.0+                            | All supported runtime versions.                                                          |
| [Endpoint Profiling][13]  | 2.15.0+                            | All supported runtime versions.                                                          |
| Timeline                  | 2.30.0+ (and 3.19.0+ for outgoing HTTP requests longer than 50 ms in beta and thread start/end events)     | All supported runtime versions (except .NET 5+ required for garbage collection details and .NET 7+ required for outgoing HTTP requests). |

- Allocations and Lock Contention profiling for .NET Framework requires that the Datadog Agent and the profiled applications are running on the same machine.
- Due to a limitation of the .NET Framework, Allocations profiling does not show the size of the allocations. Instead, it only shows the count.

> - Allocations and Live Heap profiling are GA in .NET 10. For the other previous versions of .NET, the statistical distribution of allocations sampling might not be accurate (i.e. expect larger objects to be more represented).

Reviewer: Would they be represented more often?

```suggestion
- Allocations and Live Heap profiling are available in .NET 10. For other previous versions of .NET, the statistical distribution of allocations sampling might not be accurate, so expect larger objects to be represented more often
```
